Adds assume role functionality for kinesis client constructor (#4)
Betterment/journaled: README.md

    `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`. If you don't specify, Journaled will default to
    `us-east-1`.

    You may also specify a role that the Kinesis AWS client can assume:

      * `JOURNALED_IAM_ROLE_NAME`

>     The actor whose credentials are in the environment will need to be allowed to assume this role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The AWS principal whose credentials are in the environment will need to be allowed to assume this role.
```

take it or leave it!
